so in the implementation let us write a function
isbalanced to do the job
We will pass the pointer to expression str into this
function and the function will be returning an integer.
First we should scan every character of the string till we reach
a null character
And if it is an opening bracket then push it into
the stack.
First declare integer variable i now write for i equal to zero
str[i], i++. So this condition
will fail when we reach null character and in each
iteration check
If it is an opening bracket
So write if str[i] equal to opening round
bracket or str[i] equal to opening square bracket or
str[i] equal to opening curly bracket then
push it into the stack. So write push str[i]
Now if the scanned character is a closing bracket
then perform pop operation and check if popped opening bracket
matches the scanned closing bracket. So write else
char top equal to pop. Let us check if it is not
matching. So write if str[i] equal to opening
round bracket and top not equal to closing round bracket
or str[i] equal to opening square bracket and
top not equal to closing square bracket or str[i]
equal to opening curly bracket and top not equal
to closing curly bracket.
Then the parenthesis is unbalanced so return zero and suppose
we have a closing bracket at first before an
opening in an expression that if will fail and in
else we have to consider that condition too. So check
if stack is empty then return zero as it is
unbalanced.
And finally if any opening bracket it is left in
the stack it means it was not balanced by closing
So we can check if the stack is empty and
if it is, then we have balanced parenthesis
Otherwise we have unbalanced parenthesis
So write return isStackEmpty